Update readme for OV org on the GitHub (#1)
openvinotoolkit/.github: profile/README.md

## Welcome to the OpenVINO™ GitHub organization!

> [OpenVINO™](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVINO) is an open-source toolkit for optimizing and deploying AI inference.

Reviewer: I think we should use either https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/openvino-toolkit/overview.html or https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.0/home.html here (probably intel.com to avoid issues with doc versions)

Reviewer 2: I fully agree. We can use "docs.openvino.ai" as a safe reference to the most recent version.

> [OpenVINO™](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenVINO) is an open-source toolkit for optimizing and deploying AI inference.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could add some intro text, like "Here are some repositories you may find interesting:" ... or "useful" or "may want to check out"...

> * [openvino](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino) is the main repository with the sourse code for runtime and some tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [openvino](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino) is the main repository with the source code for runtime and some of the essential tools.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe "core tools"?
And we could make it more consistent with the following wording:
* openvino - the main repository, containing the source code for the OpenVINO runtime...
* nncf - containing Neural Network Compression Framework, a tool used for...
* openvino_notebooks - containing Jupyter notebook tutorials, which demonstrate the key features of the toolkit.

> * [nncf](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf) Neural Network Compression Framework is used for enhanced OpenVINO™ inference to get performance boost with minimal accuracy drop.

Reviewer 2: Is it correct to say NNCF is "used for enhanced OpenVINO™ inference"? I'm worried it could be misread. Maybe something like "used for post-training and quantization-aware training optimization, to speed up OpenVINO inference" ... Or "used to optimize models for even better performance with OpenVINO."

Author: This wording is already used for NNCF repo description. 
See about section: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf

Reviewer 2: That's true... If we can confirm if this statement is correct or not, we can make sure the proper wording is used in both descriptions, as well as the docs pages.

* [openvino_notebooks](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks) repository contains Jupyter notebook tutorials to demonstrate key features of the toolkit.

See [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution details. <br>

> Get support using: The [`openvino`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/openvino) tag on StackOverflow\* or [Forum](https://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/computer-vision)

Reviewer 3: Why not issues on GitHub I wonder?

> Get support using: The [`openvino`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/openvino) tag on StackOverflow\* or [Forum](https://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/computer-vision)

Reviewer: something is wrong with the forum link access (at least for me)
this is the one used in the docs https://community.intel.com/t5/Intel-Distribution-of-OpenVINO/bd-p/distribution-openvino-toolkit

> Get support using: The [`openvino`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/openvino) tag on StackOverflow\* or [Forum](https://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/computer-vision)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get support using the [`openvino`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/openvino) tag on StackOverflow\*, [Community Forum](https://community.intel.com/t5/Intel-Distribution-of-OpenVINO/bd-p/distribution-openvino-toolkit) or [GitHub issues]( https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/issues).
```

Reviewer 2: another option:

```suggestion
For support, see the following: 
* StackOverflow\* (use [`openvino`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/openvino) tag)
* [The Community Forum](https://community.intel.com/t5/Intel-Distribution-of-OpenVINO/bd-p/distribution-openvino-toolkit) 
* [GitHub issues]( https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/issues).
```
